docs: fixes "interface-ipfs-core" link (#3334)
ipfs/js-ipfs: examples/ipfs-101/README.md

Now let's make it more interesting and add a file to IPFS using `node.add`. A file consists of a path and content.

> You can learn about the IPFS File API at [interface-ipfs-core](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/tree/master/docs/core-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn about the IPFS File API at [interface-ipfs-core](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/blob/master/docs/core-api/FILES.md).
```
